# honoursResearchProject
Description of Honours Research
The module STTN671 ("Research Project") has the following module outcomes: On completion of the module, the student should be able to demonstrate:
•	An ability to assimilate multiple sources of knowledge within the field of practical statistics and critically review this knowledge with a view to solve a real-world statistical data problem.
•	The ability to select, apply, and critically judge the effectiveness of the implementation of a range of appropriate statistical techniques with a view to solve a real-world statistical data problem.
•	The ability to analyze, select and effectively apply research methods to address complex practical statistical problems.
•	The ability to collaborate with clients (who are typically unskilled in statistical analysis) to aid in providing real solutions to their statistical data problems.
•	An ability to present and communicate academic or professional ideas and texts effectively to a range of audiences, offering creative insights, rigorous interpretations and solutions to statistical data problems and related issues.
•	The ability to identify ethical issues based on critical reflection of ethical value systems in the context of statistical experimental design and data analysis.
The description of the project that I completed in 2019 is given below: Title: **THE COMPARISON OF MEMORY REPRESENTATIONS IN CONSTANT AND VARIABLE PRACTICE CONDITIONS**
Supervisors: Dr. E. Fourie and Dr. M. Cockeran
Abstract: The main objective of this study was to determine whether constant and variable practice conditions lead to the development of different memory representations. In this study, participants, naive to basketball, were practicing free throws, receiving the same amount of practice, in two different practice conditions. Under the first practice condition (constant condition) the participants practiced at only one distance (4.57m), whereas under the second practice condition (variable condition) they practiced at five (3.35, 3.96, 4.57, 5.18, and 5.79m) distances, respectively. Thereafter, the relative time as a percentage of overall movement time, to reach five kinematic markers in the elbow joint, for the two practice conditions, was analyzed, using linear mixed models. It was found that relative timing of skills developed in constant and variable practice conditions is the same, confirming that these practice conditions form the same memory representation.
